Story
1956: The great wizard of Florin passed – the village was left in despair.
A new wizard was to be selected at the Village’s Annual Pumpkin Community Fair.
The dice turned to you – although it was not you, you were just in her stomach. Your mother was crowned Florins wizard.
She was well respected and served until she could no longer keep up with the changing spells of Florin.

2020: The Annual Pumpkin Community Fair was in full swing, and your mother declared it was time for her to be succeeded.
You hung back by the bar, knowing the odds were against you. The dice spun, and spun, and pointed to you.
Everybody turned wide mouthed, and right there, you were crowned Florin’s next wizard and passed the
great Florin’s pendant – used to protect one in all battles.

Later that year is where the game story begins...

A number of village children were exploring Florin’s castle where they heard a shrill cry from the catering section
of the building. They approached the noises and found a tea party of g-g-ghosts.
Escaping out the window, the children fled the town hall and so began the ancient feud of village folk and the ghosts.
Your job is to reconcile both parties, resolving the ghosts’ grudges so the castle can be free,
and the village people can hold their Christmas gathering at the castle once again.

Goal of Game:
The user plays as a Wizard of Florin with the goal of calming each ghost and resolving their cause of distress.
To free the ghost, the player will have the option to battle the ghost and/or return the missing item tasked
by the ghost. However, the game is designed to challenge the player, and to do this the difficulty of the battles
and the tasks becomes challenging after each subsequent ghost encounter.

Controls:
1. Arrow keys to move.
2. Press space to interact with characters (including ghosts) and picking up items.
3. Escape button pauses the game.
4. Mouse click

Battle Mechanism:
The player starts with only three heart shaped health throughout the game which can be lost by losing a battle.
Losing a battle would deduct one heart from the player and losing all the hearts would mean the player lost the game.
However, during a battle a player is given an additional three health in the shape of a circle that renews every battle.
Losing those three circled health would cause the player to lose the battle, which would cost a player’s health.
The battle requires the player to use the “WASD” movement keys to dodge incoming objects in order to win.

